<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

<ui:composition>
    <div id="education" class="card shadow-sm mb-4">
        <div class="card-body">
            <h2 class="fs-2 fw-semibold text-primary mb-3 pb-2 border-bottom">Preparation &amp; Training</h2>
            <p class="mb-4">The list below outlines the prior preparation and experience required to perform in this occupation.</p>

            <div class="mb-4">
                <h3 class="fs-4 fw-semibold mb-3">Preparation Requirements</h3>
                <div class="table-responsive">
                    <table class="table table-bordered">
                        <tbody>
                            <tr>
                                <th class="bg-light" style="width: 40%">Time to Prepare</th>
                                <td>Moderate Training (1-2 Years)</td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                                <th class="bg-light">Experience</th>
                                <td>Previous work-related skill, knowledge, or experience is required for these occupations. For example, an electrician must have completed three or four years of apprenticeship or several years of vocational training, and often must have passed a licensing exam, in order to perform the job.</td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                                <th class="bg-light">Typical Path</th>
                                <td>Most occupations at this level require training in vocational schools, related on-the-job experience, or an associate's degree. This usually takes 1-2 years of focused preparation.</td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                                <th class="bg-light">Training Details</th>
                                <td>Employees in these occupations usually need one or two years of training involving both on-the-job experience and informal training with experienced workers. A recognized apprenticeship program may be associated with these occupations.</td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                                <th class="bg-light">Similar Occupations</th>
                                <td>These occupations usually involve using communication and organizational skills to coordinate, supervise, manage, or train others to accomplish goals. Examples include food service managers, electricians, agricultural technicians, legal secretaries, interviewers, and insurance sales agents.</td>
                            </tr>
                        </tbody>
                    </table>
                </div>
            </div>

            <h3 class="fs-4 fw-semibold mb-3">Educational Paths</h3>
            <p class="mb-3">Many actors enhance their skills through formal dramatic education. Common educational paths include:</p>
            <ul class="list-group list-group-flush mb-4">
                <li class="list-group-item border-bottom py-2">High school drama classes</li>
                <li class="list-group-item border-bottom py-2">Bachelor's degree in theater arts, drama, or related field</li>
                <li class="list-group-item border-bottom py-2">Master of Fine Arts (MFA) in acting</li>
                <li class="list-group-item border-bottom py-2">Acting conservatories or specialized acting schools</li>
                <li class="list-group-item py-2">Workshops and continuing education classes</li>
            </ul>

            <h3 class="fs-4 fw-semibold mb-3">School Programs</h3>
            <p class="mb-3">The following programs are applicable to this occupation:</p>
            <ul class="list-group list-group-flush mb-4">
                <li class="list-group-item border-bottom py-2">Drama and Dramatics/Theatre Arts</li>
                <li class="list-group-item border-bottom py-2">Acting</li>
                <li class="list-group-item border-bottom py-2">Directing and Theatrical Production</li>
                <li class="list-group-item border-bottom py-2">Playwriting and Screenwriting</li>
                <li class="list-group-item border-bottom py-2">Theatre/Theatre Arts Management</li>
                <li class="list-group-item py-2">Dramatic/Theatre Arts and Stagecraft</li>
            </ul>

            <p>Many actors also gain experience through community theater, school productions, or acting workshops before pursuing professional roles. Practical experience is highly valued in this field.</p>
        </div>
    </div>
</ui:composition>
</html>
